SpreeQuadPay
============

`spree_quad_pay` is a gem to support Spree E-commerce with [QuadPay](https://www.quadpay.com) interest-free payments.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

    ```
    gem 'spree_quad_pay', github: 'quadpay/quadpay-spree', branch: '3-3-stable'`
    ```

    **The `branch` option is important: it must match the version of Spree you're using.**

    **For example, use `3-3-stable` if you're using Spree `3-3-stable` or any `3.3.x` version.**

2. Install the gem using Bundler:

    ```ruby
    bundle install
    ```

3. Copy & run migrations

    ```ruby
    bundle exec rails g spree_quad_pay:install
    ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Setup Spree

1. Update QuadPay transaction status (optional): To avoid inconsistency between QuadPay and Spree Orders, we need to sync the Order statuses using 1 of these methods:

    * Using cronjob: The gem generator will generate config/schedule.rb and config it to run every 5 minutes. Run this command to update job (this would require gem "whenever" installed):

      ```
      bundle exec whenever --update-crontab
      ```

    * Using rake task scheduler: Heroku, for example, doesn't support cronjob. Therefore, you can use rake task combine with Heroku Scheduler:

      ```
      rake quad_pay_tasks:sync_orders
      ```


2. Create QuadPay Payment Method:

    * Login into Admin Dashboard and go to Configurations > Payment Method, click on button `New Payment Method`.

    * On new page, at field `PROVIDER` we will choose `Spree::BillingIntegration::QuadPayCheckout` and fill data to Name and Description.

    * Click on `Create` button to create QuadPay payment method.


3. Setup QuadPay API keys and Settings

    * Go to Configurations > QuadPay Settings and fill necessary infomation below:

    ```
    Site URL: Your domain URL. This URL is used for QuadPay callback calls.
    ```
    ```
    Merchant Name: Merchant Name provided by QuadPay.
    ```
    ```
    Client ID: Client ID provided by QuadPay.
    ```
    ```
    Min Amount: The Order minimum amount to qualify for QuadPay Payment. User cannot select QuadPay Payment Method if the Order's total lower than this minimum amount.
    ```
    ```
    Max Amount: The Order maximum amount to qualify for QuadPay Payment. User cannot select QuadPay Payment Method if the Order's total greater than this maximum amount.
    ```
    ```
    Display Widget At Product Page: Display QuadPay widget on Product Page.
    ```
    ```
    Display Widget At Cart Page: Display QuadPay widget on Cart Page.
    ```
    ```
    Test Mode: Toggle Test Mode or Live Mode
    ```

4. Restart your server

    * If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Usage
1. The gem provide helper method "quad_pay_widget" to generate the QuadPay widget wherever you want.

    ```
    quad_pay_widget(type, amount)
    ```

2. The gem provide rake task to sync QuadPay Orders with Spree Orders.

    ```
    rake quad_pay_tasks:sync_orders
    ```

3. By default, the gem will provide Refund for Order cancel and Return Authorization. You can also use explore the built in `Spree::BillingIntegration::QuadPayCheckout` object to issue any QuadPay command supported:

    * create_order: create QuadPay Order.
    * find_order: find QuadPay Order based on token provided.
    * refund: refund with QuadPay payment based on the Payment's response code.
    * credit: partial refund back to User.
    * cancel: full refund.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```ruby
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_quad_pay/factories'
```
